coming soon to cinemas
well soon-ish 2020
the movie when the world
locked down the hero stepped up
you cannot do this at home granddad
anybody can do it starring russell brand
as joe works you may get here by going
on a trip to barnard castle
or you can get there here now with me
starring kiera nightly as the woman who
can't take it anymore
i can't take it anymore
and kerry mulligan that's her next-door
neighbor with three kids who really
really really can't take it anymore
i really really really
can't take it
if anyone anymore do this it's me and
starring anna creel as tina the first
woman to cut her own hair
i don't know have we got shavers we can
i've got the dog clippers
wait also starring jody whitaker as the
doctor
and mandic gill as another doctor
do you hear that sounds like clapping
it's 8 p.m it's thursday you know what
that's for don't you
two mind is that the beer cup's about to
start no they're cooking for us
they're clapping for the carers but yeah
bake off is about to start we better get
a move on
starring chris whitty as chris whitty
and sanji baskar as his next slide guy
next slide please damn it sorry went too
early
sorry i'm sorry i know there's never
really a good time to break bad news
and i'm really sorry about this really
sorry
but i'm afraid i have to tell you that
also featuring
patel as the man who froze at a bad
moment on zoom
but at least now you know and starring
barry from eastenders
as the guy who invented zoom i've got it
it's a business meeting from the waist
up
and psi as his business rival bill gates
i just don't get it zoom
is the exact same as skype sir
we've just lost another billion dollars
damn it with matt luther says gary
barlow
hello i'm gary valo and um uh
today i'm doing the crooner session gary
barlow that's the other
gary barlow
you're a bit pitchy gary you're a little
bit off
also starring al murray as the local pub
landlord
absolutely come on in mate hold on mate
oh no new guidance i'm sorry we're close
hang on a minute we're open again oh no
hold on we're closed again
go on up here with ainsley harriet as
superhero marcus rashford
with a special performance by joan
collins as the first woman to get the
vaccine
i'm ready for my vaccine now mr demille
[Music]
hope for the world hope there won't
be a sequel
coming eventually
how'd you how did you play covid19
you